I have the knowledge to make smart decisions for myself.
I have all that I need to make today a great day.
I acknowledge my own self-worth – my confidence is rising.
I let go of any negative feelings about myself or my life and accept all that is good.
I always attract only the best of circumstances and I have the best positive people in my life.
I am courageous. I am willing to act and face my fears.
I have unlimited power.
I am a powerful creator. I create the life I want and enjoy it.
Every day I discover interesting and exciting new paths to pursue.
I trust my intuition and I always make wise decisions.
I am focused on my goals and feel passionate about my work.
I work well under pressure and always feel motivated.
I am living to my full potential.
I have everything I need to face any obstacles that come.
I have the power to create all the success and prosperity I desire.
I can let go of old, negative beliefs that have stood in the way of my success.
The universe is filled with endless opportunities for my career.
I am surrounded by supportive, positive people who believe in me and want to see my succeed.
I will be open-minded and always eager to explore new avenues to success.
As I take on new challenges, I feel calm, confident, and powerful.
I will celebrate each goal I accomplish with gratitude and joy.
I choose to think positively and create a wonderful and successful life for myself. 
I am grateful that my life is so happy and successful.
I can never fail, for everything that happens contributes to me being better.
I am extremely passionate about constantly being better and more successful.
I have the courage to create positive change in my life.
I acknowledge my own self-worth; my self-confidence is rising.
Others look up to me as a leader because of my confidence.
Every day I will become more confident, powerful, and successful.
Feeling confident, assured, and strong is a normal part of my everyday life
I am self-reliant, creative and persistent in whatever I do.
I am valuable and will make powerful contributions to the world today.
I made decisions based on the superstar I am becoming.
I continuously push myself to learn and develop in areas of life that bring me happiness, freedom, and purpose.
I wake up every morning ready for a new day of exciting possibilities
I am happy and free because I am me.
I am a strong individual who attracts success and happiness.
My life is a blast of growing opportunity because I never stop creating
I am energetic and enthusiastic. Confidence is my second nature.
I teach others to believe in me by believing in myself.
My actions are intentional, and they bring me closer to my goals.
I am learning to trust the journey.
My mind is clear of self-doubt, and I am ready to embrace every challenge that comes my way.
I am surrounded with people who push me to be my best self.
I have great ideas and make great contributions.
Every challenge I face is an opportunity to grow and improve.
I аm thе аrсhіtесt of mу lіfе; I buіld іtѕ fоundаtіоn аnd сhооѕе іtѕ соntеntѕ.
Mу аbіlіtу tо соnquеr mу сhаllеngеѕ іѕ lіmіtlеѕѕ; mу роtеntіаl tо succeed іѕ іnfіnіtе.
Today, I аbаndоn mу оld hаbіtѕ аnd take up nеw, mоrе роѕіtіvе оnеѕ.
Mary doesn’t drink coffee.
My brothers don’t speak Chinese.
Jim's best friends don’t live near him.
I didn’t go to the store last week.
Lions do not eat grass.
Esther can’t go tomorrow.
Some people won’t eat spicy foods.
Bill hasn’t learned to type.
You shouldn’t cheat on tests.
He works on Fridays.
He does not work on Saturdays.
These shops sell food.
They do not sell food.
They arrived by bus.
They didn't arrive by train.
I haven't seen him for five years.
Our team has not been beaten this season.
He wouldn't have gone if he had known.
They aren't doing math this term.


